Fix SavedQueryForm bug (sourcegraph#3628) (#3660)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fixed bug when submitting SavedQueryForm without selecting the location. (#3628)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where submitting a saved query without selecting the location would fail for non-site admins (#3628).
```

Reviewer: @carloslfu could you commit this update ^, then should be good to merge
